README.md, before:

<p align="center"><img alt="LostInMazieMansion" src="./Art/logo jpg ver.jpg" width="500"/></p>

# Lost in Mazie Mansion

An open source, horror-puzzle game developed within the Husky Game Development Enterprise.

Table of Contents
=================

<!--ts-->
   * [Download](#download)
   * [Husky Game Development](#husky-game-development)
   * [Game Overview](#game-overview)
      * [Trailer](#project-overview)
      * [Rules](#rules)
      * [Game Design Document](#game-design-document)
   * [Project Overview](#project-overview)
      * [Game Architecture](#game-architecture)
      * [Developer Setup](#developer-setup)
      * [Dependencies](#dependencies)
      * [Task Board](#task-board)
<!--te-->

## Download

TODO - add download loaction and install instructions

## Husky Game Development

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://huskygames.com/">
    <img
      alt="Husky Game Development"
      src="./Art/Logo_Bl_1000.png"
      width="200"
    />
  </a>
</p>

Based in Houghton, Michigan, Husky Game Development Enterprise (HGD) has been dedicated to producing experienced game developers since 2004. We focus on using professional development tools to give students a leg up in the industry, such as Unity, Blender, and Wwise.

Our mission is to design and develop games for business, education, and fun. We work as an interdisciplinary, student-run Enterprise that fosters productivity, creativity, and effective business practices. Our members work in small teams of four to six people, exploring a wide variety of video game engines and platforms.

HGD has partnered with sponsoring companies to design games. We also get involved with campus events like BonzAI Brawl - an AI programming competition that anyone can partake in. This exciting annual event takes a full year to organize and is put together with the joint effort of HGD and the Women in Computing Sciences organization.

Check out our website [here!](https://huskygames.com/)

## Game Overview

Lost in Mazie Mansion is a top-down, horror-puzzle game in which the player is trapped within a mansion and must overcome their fears in order to escape. The player quickly realizes that there are indeed residents within the manion; however, these residents may not be living. In order to get out alive, the player must find items and tools throughout the mansion, solve various puzzles to conquer their fears, and eventually escape the mansion.

### Trailer

View our teaser trailer for 2020 [here!](https://youtu.be/gyetVksK51k)

### Rules

The game has a single goal and winning condition - escaping the mansion. Upon going through the entirety of the game’s story and reaching the end, the player will complete the game. Throughout the game, the player will reach several save points, which will allow the player to save their progress leading up to that point. The primary part of the game that impedes this progress is the player’s sanity meter. Various enemies and environmental hazards found throughout the game will cause the player’s sanity meter to decrease. When this sanity meter is fully depleted, the player will be unable to continue, and must restart from their most recent save point. Once the player has completely escaped the mansions, the credits will roll and the playthrough will be complete.

### Game Design Document

Available upon request!

TODO

## Project Overview

TO DO

### Game Architecture 

TO DO

### Developer Setup
 
TO DO

### Dependencies
 
TO DO

### Task Board

Visit our task board [here](https://github.com/HuskyGameDev/2020f-team10/projects/1) if you are interested in contributing.

Commit message:

docs: added download instructions to README

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><img alt="LostInMazieMansion" src="./Art/logo jpg ver.jpg" width="500"/></p>

# Lost in Mazie Mansion

An open source, horror-puzzle game developed within the Husky Game Development Enterprise.

Table of Contents
=================

<!--ts-->
   * [Download](#download)
   * [Husky Game Development](#husky-game-development)
   * [Game Overview](#game-overview)
      * [Trailer](#project-overview)
      * [Rules](#rules)
      * [Game Design Document](#game-design-document)
   * [Project Overview](#project-overview)
      * [Game Architecture](#game-architecture)
      * [Developer Setup](#developer-setup)
      * [Dependencies](#dependencies)
      * [Task Board](#task-board)
<!--te-->

## Download

The Lost In Mazie Mansion 2019 install is available on the Husky Game Development website found [here!](https://huskygames.com/games/?game=lost-in-mazie-mansion) The 2020 install will be available later this year!

  1. Navigate to the download page using [this link](https://huskygames.com/games/?game=lost-in-mazie-mansion) or the link above.
  2. Download the zip file by clicking `Download`.
  3. Make a new directory and drag the zip file into that directory. 
  4. Extract the files from the zip file.
  5. Run the executable file `LostInMazieMansion.exe` to launch the game.
  6. Enjoy!

## Husky Game Development

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://huskygames.com/">
    <img
      alt="Husky Game Development"
      src="./Art/Logo_Bl_1000.png"
      width="200"
    />
  </a>
</p>

Based in Houghton, Michigan, Husky Game Development Enterprise (HGD) has been dedicated to producing experienced game developers since 2004. We focus on using professional development tools to give students a leg up in the industry, such as Unity, Blender, and Wwise.

Our mission is to design and develop games for business, education, and fun. We work as an interdisciplinary, student-run Enterprise that fosters productivity, creativity, and effective business practices. Our members work in small teams of four to six people, exploring a wide variety of video game engines and platforms.

HGD has partnered with sponsoring companies to design games. We also get involved with campus events like BonzAI Brawl - an AI programming competition that anyone can partake in. This exciting annual event takes a full year to organize and is put together with the joint effort of HGD and the Women in Computing Sciences organization.

Check out our website [here!](https://huskygames.com/)

## Game Overview

Lost in Mazie Mansion is a top-down, horror-puzzle game in which the player is trapped within a mansion and must overcome their fears in order to escape. The player quickly realizes that there are indeed residents within the manion; however, these residents may not be living. In order to get out alive, the player must find items and tools throughout the mansion, solve various puzzles to conquer their fears, and eventually escape the mansion.

### Trailer

View our teaser trailer for 2020 [here!](https://youtu.be/gyetVksK51k)

### Rules

The game has a single goal and winning condition - escaping the mansion. Upon going through the entirety of the game’s story and reaching the end, the player will complete the game. Throughout the game, the player will reach several save points, which will allow the player to save their progress leading up to that point. The primary part of the game that impedes this progress is the player’s sanity meter. Various enemies and environmental hazards found throughout the game will cause the player’s sanity meter to decrease. When this sanity meter is fully depleted, the player will be unable to continue, and must restart from their most recent save point. Once the player has completely escaped the mansions, the credits will roll and the playthrough will be complete.

### Game Design Document

Available upon request!

TODO

## Project Overview

TO DO

### Game Architecture 

TO DO

### Developer Setup
 
TO DO

### Dependencies
 
TO DO

### Task Board

Visit our task board [here](https://github.com/HuskyGameDev/2020f-team10/projects/1) if you are interested in contributing.
